APPS-730 Clean Up Payment Method API (#551)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/user/technology-partners/202108.0/payment-partners/bs-payone/legacy-demoshop-integration/payone-facade.md

| `isPaymentUnderpaid` | Order Id, Order Item Id | bool | Checks if there is an unprocessed transaction status update from PayOne with the "Underpaid" status for a certain order. |
| `isPaymentRefund` | Order Id, Order Item Id | bool | Checks if there is an unprocessed transaction status update from PayOne with the "Refund" status for a certain order. |
| `isPaymentAppointed` | Order Id, Order Item Id | bool | Checks if there is an unprocessed transaction status update from PayOne with the "Appointed" status for a certain order. |
| `isPaymentOther` | Order Id, Order Item Id | bool | Checks if there is an unprocessed transaction status update from PayOne with the status different from "Paid", "Underpaid" or "Appointed" for a certain order. |
| `isPaymentCapture` | Order Id, Order Item Id | bool | Checks if there is an unprocessed transaction status update from PayOne with the "Capture" status for a certain order. |
| `postSaveHook` (deprecated) | `QuoteTransfer`, `CheckoutResponseTransfer` | `CheckoutResponseTransfer` | Handles redirects and errors after an order is placed. |

> | `orderPostSave` | `QuoteTransfer`, `CheckoutResponseTransfer` | `CheckoutResponseTransfer` | Handles redirects and errors after an order is placed. Depending on the payment method, it executes the authorization or pre-authorization API call. Updates `CheckoutResponseTransfer` with errors or/and redirect URL accordingly to the API response. |

Reviewer: Consider "After an order has been placed", instead of "it executes" -> just executes. Also for "or/and" - avoid using slashes like that: https://developers.google.com/style/slashes?hl=en

| `getPaymentLogs` | `ObjectCollection` | array of `PayOnePaymentLogTransfer` | Gets payment logs (both api and transaction status) for specific orders in chronological order. |
| `getPaymentDetail` | Order Id | `PaymentDetailTransfer` | Gets payment details for a specific order. |
| `updatePaymentDetail` | `PaymentDetailTransfer`, Order Id | void | Updates payment details for a specific order. |
| install | `MessengerInterface` | void | Installs module translations to project glossary. |

> | `startPayPalExpressCheckout` | `PayOneStartPayPalExpressCheckoutRequestTransfer` | `PayOnePayPalExpressCheckoutGenericPaymentResponseTransfer` | Sends request to PayOne in order to start express checkout and get the workorderid which is used for further operations. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `startPayPalExpressCheckout` | `PayOneStartPayPalExpressCheckoutRequestTransfer` | `PayOnePayPalExpressCheckoutGenericPaymentResponseTransfer` | Sends request to PayOne to start express checkout and get the work order ID which is used for further operations. |
```

> | `getPayPalExpressCheckoutDetails` | `QuoteTransfer` | `PayOnePayPalExpressCheckoutGenericPaymentResponseTransfer` | Returns customer specific information retrieved from PayPal through PayOne (e.g., email and shipping info). |

Reviewer: e.g.-> for example (https://developers.google.com/style/abbreviations?hl=en#dont-use)

> | `executeCheckoutPostSaveHook` (deprecated) | `QuoteTransfer` `CheckoutResponseTransfer` | `CheckoutResponseTransfer` | Depending on the payment method, it executes the authorization or pre-authorization API call. Updates `CheckoutResponseTransfer` with errors or/and redirect URL accordingly to the API response. |

Reviewer: see my comment to line 51
